fix: plugin config schema write guide (#2489)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/extensions/plugins.md

#### Write Configuration Schema for the Plugin (Optional)

EMQX version 5.7.0 introduced REST API for plugin configuration management and Avro Schema for configuration validation, enhancing the ability to update plugin configurations dynamically during runtime.

> In addition, if you write an Avro Schema to validate the plugin's configuration, you are required to provide a default configuration file that matches the Avro Schema rules. This file should be located in `priv/config.hocon`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, if you write an Avro Schema to validate the plugin's configuration, you are required to provide a default configuration file that matches the Avro Schema rules. This file should be saved as `priv/config.hocon`.
```

Author: This description explains the path that the default configuration file path should use in user's plugin project.
"saved as" is more like a runtime operation.

Reviewer: located in should be followed by a dir name.
maybe this then:
This file should be located in `priv` dir and named `config.hocon`.
